---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

<b>What did you do the past week?</b>
This past week we received grades back on our exams and I surprisingly did not bomb the exam, I actually did rather okay. This relieves an immense amount of stress off of my shoulders. That being said, I will continue to study before the quizzes to ensure my continued success in this course. Our group is currently working on setting up the database for our web application. My job is to scrape the necessary data for the database and massage the data so that it fits like a puzzle piece into our database (once it is set up). This work is did not seem particularly difficult but upon further inspection, the API's we have all help with a particular aspect but not all of the attributes at once and getting these bits and pieces to match up is no easy task considering these API's weren't made to work with each other.

<b>What's in your way?</b>
Getting the data to intertwine for elections has turned out to be quite the headache considering each API has 2 or 3 of the attributes that I need but they don't have a universal aspect that makes it easy to connect to each other. I will continue beating my head against this this week.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
Next week I have an exam and so my time will be hard pressed. That being said I intend to have scraped all of the necessary data by the end of today and to have it formatted correctly by Thursday. I am not working alone though and it feels relieving to have the backup of such reliable team members.

Tip of the week: (Highpoint of the goddamn post) {Always assume set aside a time 1.5x the amount you expect a task to take as nothing ever goes according to plan and things are often much more difficult to implement in reality then it is in your head. Overestimate so you are not caught off guard.}

