---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

<b>What did you do the past week?</b>
The past week has been my attempt to improve my quiz scores to make up for the previous exam which I thought went intially well but ended up surprisingly futile. I will need to reconsider how I study before the class. We talked about decorators this week and I am continually amazed at the behavior of Python. That being said, I am glad that the new project for IDB has began as I intially registered for this class to learn more about web development. I have found a group of friends that I feel are all very competent programmers and I look forward to working with them. We decided to make the theme of our project politics as it socially relevent as well as responsible. The name of the website will be partypeople.me which we found to be hilarious as it is a great blend of humor as well as relevance to our topic.
	
<b>What's in your way?</b>
The only think in my way appears to be my studying habits as I am not performing consistently on the quizzes. My group seems to be a great group people and I feel like they will be a great boon in my upcoming projects!

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
Next week our group will start diving deeper into the project and finish our web application. We were assigned jobs in pairs for our group this weekend and so we will go into Monday with a significant amount of setup done so we can hit the ground running.

Tip of the week: (Highpoint of the goddamn post) Make sure to find a solid group of people to work with for projects. Forming relationships in your major is not only useful for finding partners you enjoy working with, but for potential networking opportunities in the future as well!

