---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

<b>What did you do the past week?</b>
In the past week we have gone over the collatz problem and it's many possible optimizations.

<b>What's in your way?</b>
I still need to familiarize myself with the many tools that will be used in project 1. Research and practice with these tools will be pivotal towards my success on the first project. 

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
Next week I will finish project 1 and hopefully have a better understanding of the project process. I am still learning how to accurately estimate the project length. 

This is my second week in Professor Downing's Software Engineering class. I've learned a fair amount more since last week as now we are actually going over material in class. We have talked about the Collatz Conjecture and how using a simple cache and optimizations in the algorithm can potentially make the program run faster. This will be necessary since Python is metaphoric equivalent of a snail. Seeing how much work this class will be in the future has reinforced the fact my decision to drop Object Oriented Programming was a good one. 

I have met a couple of new friends in the class. Some of which I was not aware was in the class and some of which had simply not shown up until recently. Either way, I hope to converse and exchange ideas with my friends as well as fellow students whom I do not know yet. 

This first project will most likely be a good indication of how the rest of the semester will go and so it is my hope that I do not struggle too much. 

Tip of the week: Regardless if notes are posted online or not, writing down what is going on in class on paper will help you commit the topics to memory. You'll want to push as much information from class into your head as possible and raise your hand if you don't Git it.