---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

<b>What did you do the past week?</b>
We talked about the different ways tuples, list, and dictionaries were used. Most of the past week has been spent scrambling to complete my Collatz project though as I procrastinated till Tuesday.

<b>What's in your way?</b>
At this point when I'm making this post, nothing as I have completed the project. Not too long ago though, I was having trouble understanding why my code was getting runtime errors on Sphere. The solution ended up just being my code not testing for empty lines.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
Next week I will start EARLY on project 2 as I have realized it is one thing to give advice about not procrastinating and another thing to follow it. This time, perhaps, I will do better.

I feel like as the class progresses; I am getting a better feel for what kind of teacher Professor Downing is. One thing I have truly noticed is just how much he cares about his students succeeding. He makes posts all the time about things we can be doing outside the classroom to improve our chances of being employed. He is also the kind of person to kick you in the butt if you are slacking off too as he calls on you in class if you aren’t actively participating In class or on Piazza. As a lazy college student, I personally appreciate when people force me to do my work.  

Tip of the week: (Highpoint of the goddamn post) The best way to avoid being called on in class is to be active on Piazza and actually READ all of the posts. Make an effort to get on at LEAST once a day.
