---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

<b>What did you do the past week?</b>
This past week I got a head start on the Netflix project with my partner Phoenix. Learning from last week, I knew getting started early would be important towards our groups success. If anything, starting early at least let us more accurately assess the estimated time to completion. In class we learned some more about python behavior and heard speaker Chris Martin speak.

<b>What's in your way?</b>
As much as I would like to devote all my time to this project and complete it, I have projects from other classes due soon and need to start preparing fo career fair as I find that... somewhat important. I do quite enjoy making money and having a roof over my head.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
Next week I will go the the friends of computer science brunch, career fair, and some networking events. All the while, I will find gaps in my schedule so that me and my partner may finish the Netflix project before it is due. Next week looks a little daunting, but I'm sure with some hard work, perseverance, and promises with the devil, I'll finish everything I set out to do.

Listening to Chris Martin talk was a nice change of pace in the class, It is always interesting to gain an industry perspective on our major and advice on what we should be prioritizing. As a recruiter, he offered a lot of useful insight. After hearing his talk, I updated my GitHub repo with some of my personal projects and put it on my resume.

Tip of the week: (Highpoint of the goddamn post) If you’re working on a personal project so you can put it on your resume, find something you will truly enjoy. You’ll spend hours on the project and won’t even consider it work.

