---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

<b>What did you do the past week?</b>
This past week involved my group scurrying to complete the second phase of the IDB project. To be honest, the scope of the project caught us a little off guard. The API’s we used were not the easiest to grab the data we needed and so much fine tuning was needed. The connection between Angular 2 and Flask was one of the most surprising difficulties as adding a simple sorting table required copious hours to accomplish. As the deadline approached, more and more problems arose in the API and our database (of which it was nobody’s fault). If anything the only people we have to blame is ourselves for allowing time to slip away from us. We turned in a mostly completed project with some aspects missing. 

<b>What's in your way?</b>
Now that it is a new week, we have an opportunity to fix the issues we had previously (especially with the API) and move forward. The scale of this next aspect of searching does not seem as difficult but we will plan more carefully just in case.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
Next week will be further planning and cleaning up our website as it still is not the prettiest thing. We shall continue fine tuning it and fixing out all of the database issues we had last week.

Tip of the week: (Highpoint of the goddamn post) {Always aim to complete a project one day before the deadline. Mentally make yourself believe the project is due then. Should things go awry (as they always do), you will be happy you set aside that extra time!}

