---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

<b>What did you do the past week?</b>
This past week has been relatively crazy for me. I had two exams, and four interviews. Considering I went to Austin City Limits Music Festival the weekend before, the time I had to prepare was minimal. So far as interviews, I felt I did well or satisfactory. So far as the exams, the first one went well. The exam for this class... not so much. I made the mistake of forgetting to study how to deal with multiple parameters being an option in a function so when the exam came around, I ended up blanking out on that topic and was at a complete loss at what to do for problems 1 and 3. The classes this week continued reviewing material such as unpacking and such. I will strive to be more thorough in my future studies to prevent such a fiasco from occuring again.
	
<b>What's in your way?</b>
Now that the exam and most of my interviews are out of the way, there is not much in my way. I can focus on the future project and aim to do the best I can. I will begin to study more rigorously before the in class quizzes so that I am not caught off guard again.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
Next week I will start on the next project as soon as possible. I will also begin a routine study session before class over topics discussed in the previous class. Hopefully, I can improve my performance in this class!

Tip of the week: (Highpoint of the goddamn post) Studying moments before the interview will seldom teach you anything you will need for the interview. Instead, spend this time relaxing and clearing your mind so you can go in unstressed and ready to tackle any challenge thrown at you. If you have done your preparation, there is nothing to be afraid of... other than failing miserably and ending up spending your life in a cardboard box... The chance of that is highly unlikely though!

