---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

<b>What did you do the past week?</b>
In the post from last week, I was concerned about how far our group had progressed. Since then our group has made considerable progress. Each of our individual tasks were performed efficiently and effectively and the result was that this round of our project went considerably smoother than the last. I worked specifically on frontend with the rest of the frontend team and despite the occasional hiccups we were able to implement our parts with relative ease. The Google Image search API is set up to return the first result on a image search which occasionally returns humorous results such as a mug shot for a particular politician. There were database issues with AWS (Oh why didn't we use Digital Ocean). We were able to speed up our searching for our tables by about 10x by removing join in our queries. The result of all of these parts is that we finished our project the day before (other than turn in), rather than not finishing and turning in the project in the last 30 seconds before the deadline.

<b>What's in your way?</b>
This time there is nothing in the way. We still have work to do with the critique and visualization of another group's API but we have ample time to complete these things. 

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
Next week we will finish the critique of other groups, our own group, and finish the visualization of the other group’s API. I will also begin studying for the final exam.

Tip of the week: (Highpoint of the goddamn post) Keep close tabs on all of your group members and their progress, but also keep the whole group in the loop so that people know where the progress stands. Stand up meetings or group chats are a good way to accomplish this.


