---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

<b>What did you do the past week?</b>
This past week was just a regular class week only there was no project due in the immediate future. Consequently, we have an exam this upcoming Thursday. Professor Downing explained to us how generators and list comprehensions are made and the pros and cons of both of these tools. Unfortunately I didn’t do so hot on quizzes this week in class as I was always guessing the wrong answer when I had it pinned down to two answers. The other answer, that I obviously didn’t pick, was always the correct answer. You know what they say though, you win some you lose some…. just wish I could win at least as often as I lost…
	
<b>What's in your way?</b>
Preparing for the four interviews and two exams I have the next week has been taking up all of my time. Considering Austin City Limits music festival is this weekend and that it takes up 3 days, I am going to be intelligent about how I utilize my time. I am currently writing this blog post at one ‘o clock AM after ACL. 

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
Next week I will be extensively studying for my exams. I will also be going to my four interviews. Needless to say, next week will be quite hectic for me. 

Tip of the week: (Highpoint of the goddamn post) Getting interview practice is all about repetition and real life experience. Studying always helps but sometimes going to an actual interview is the practice you need. Try setting up mock interviews with friends for a low-pressure but great way to improve your interviewing skills!

