---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

<b>What did you do the past week?</b>
This past week I have made a notable improvement in my quiz scores which I attribute to my improved efforts to take better notes and review them after class. I flew out to Pleasanton for an interview and resultantly missed a quiz. I made an effort after coming back to review the material posted on Canvas so I would be prepared for the quiz on Monday. As we move further into our final project, my group is getting a better understanding of each other's strengths. Although our website is still just static pages, I feel like we have developed a strong work ethic for completing task early as well as divvying the work out according to our strengths. Going into this next week, we will need to set up our database and scrape the data. I think this task may be a little difficult and so our group will make a solid effort to start early.
	
<b>What's in your way?</b>
I am confused as to how I will go about setting up the database and how to scrape the data from the API's to get all of our necessary data and to massage it so that it is usable by our database.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
Next week our group will get a head start on our project and decide on what issues need to be accomplished and divvy up the work. I will try to dive into more database oriented aspects as I have taken a class on it before, but I will try to be flexible depending on the needs of the group.

Tip of the week: (Highpoint of the goddamn post) {Pick a topic to work on that you might not be particularly good at. It will give you opportunity to learn something new and develop yourself as a developer... ha.. ha... I swear, these jokes get worse every week.}

