---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

<b>What did you do the past week?</b>
This past week, I went to career fair for the third time. It was relatively stressful but I made it through the day and landed some interviews with interesting companies. I found it a great boon that my partner and I started the Netflix project early as it made completing the project less time consuming. The project took under half of the projected hours we expected it would. Perhaps this is due to us becoming more familiar with the tools and having someone look over your shoulder as you code minimizes simple errors. In class we had a speaker from JPL come and talk to use about the virtualization of Mars. The live demo was epic and I was truly astounded. I look forward to seeing more guest talks like the one we heard this week.

<b>What's in your way?</b>
Career fair and preparation for interviews has impeded my progress on projects and homework this week. It took a lot of time management to ensure I finished all of my assignments to the best of my ability. 

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
Next week I will start extensively practicing for interviews. I probably will not make much leeway on projects and homeworks due in the distant future as I’ll be trying my best to improve my interviewing skills before the interviews I have scheduled arrive.

Tip of the week: (Highpoint of the goddamn post) If you’re feeling exhausted or tired from talking to recruiters back to back at career fair, take a break by all means. Sit down for a bit away from all the hustle and bustle and breathe a little. This will reenergize you and give you a stronger pitch for the next recruiters you speak with!

