---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

<b>What did you do the past week?</b>
This past week has been a relatively slow week. With everyone's busy schedule we did make a particularly large amount of progress. We worked on finished the issues we had with our API and database so that we could properly populate our tables. Linking and bugs were fixed and the data is mostly in the tables but the data's format is incorrect and so work still must be done. As I type this, I am about to begin a group meeting where we will work on getting the data into the table correctly. We have however started by putting a search bar onto the header of the page. My concern is that the our overall user interface for our website is relatively basic and not particularly eye catching. Hopefully as this week continues, we can polish that up and complete the work necessary to implement a searchable search bar.

<b>What's in your way?</b>
There is nothing particularly blocking my way other than member availability. In order for our group to finish our story making with PlanItPoker, we need all group
members to be present which is quite difficult for a 7-group team. Other problems is time constraints as this phase involves us finishing the last phase as well as all of the requirements for this new phase. We're really going to have to pick up the pace.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
Next week we will implement the search bar and finish up any loose ends we have from the previous phase. Ideally I would like to have some leftover time so that we can clean up the UI as well as the loading times. I would like to finish things in advance so we can account for the inevitable hiccups.

Tip of the week: (Highpoint of the goddamn post) {Check your deadlines for ALL of your classes and keep track of when things are due. Set reminders for yourself so that things do not catch you off guard.}

