---
layout: post
title: Week 14 & 15
---

<b>What did you do in the past weeks?</b>
I would describe the last week as one of the laziest weeks for our group. We all were quite busy with schoolwork from other classes and resultantly put off work on this class. That being said, Phoenix took notes on the other groups that presented and made note of what was done well and what was done poorly. One of the things him and I noticed was the usage of minimal slides with little text. We felt that giving the bare minimum idea and saying the rest verbally made for an overall better presentation. With that in mind, when we met up after class on Monday, we delegated tasks and set up the presentation and worked on finishing the visualization of the other group's API. The presentation made notable progress but the visualization was giving our group grief. One of our group members worked on it over the break though (god bless his soul) and we completed setting up some form of visual to present. The presentation went decently well although we had some hiccups along the way. I took the final exam which I felt was fair considering professor Downing told us on Piazza quite specifically what would be on the exam. 

<b>What's in your way?</b>
Next week will be hectic for over half of our group and so the time that can be spent on it will be minimal for most of the members. This means I will have to take on extra work, but they have already done considerable work and sometimes that is just the way things work out.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
Sleep, eat, ponder life's great mysteries, sleep some more, repeat

Tip of the week: (Highpoint of the goddamn post) Letting your group know in advance as possible when you will be unavailable is of pivotal importance. Planning when members can work will help you avoid turning in the project in the last 30 seconds.


